[ADD] Sales: adding new doc about returns and refunds directly in Sales app (#1019)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/sales/products_prices/returns.rst

===========================
Process returns and refunds
===========================

The :guilabel:`Sales` app provides two different ways to process returns based on whether an
invoice has been sent or not.

Before invoicing
================

Returns are completed using *Reverse Transfers* when a customer decides to return a product before
an invoice has been sent or validated.

.. note::
   In order to use Reverse Transfers, the :guilabel:`Inventory` app must also be installed.

To start a return, open the :guilabel:`Sales` app, navigate to the customer's sales order, and
click on the :guilabel:`Delivery` smart button to open the associated delivery order.

On the validated delivery order, click :guilabel:`Return` to open the :guilabel:`Reverse Transfer`
pop-up window. By default, the :guilabel:`Quantity` matches the validated quantities from the
delivery order. Update the quantities if necessary. Click on the trash icon next to a line item to
remove it from the return.

.. image:: returns/reverse-transfer-popup.png
   :align: center

>    :alt: Reverse Transfer Pop-Up.

Reviewer: - Add `The` before `Reverse Transfer`
- Add quotation marks around `Reverse Transfer`
- Uncapitalize `Pop-Up`
- Add `window` after `pop-up`
- Add a period after `window`

Click :guilabel:`Return` to confirm the return. This generates a new warehouse operation for the
incoming returned product(s). Upon receiving the return, the warehouse team *validates* the
warehouse operation. Then, on the original sales order, the :guilabel:`Delivered` quantity will
reflect the difference between the initial validated quantities and the returned quantities.

.. image:: returns/updated-sales-quantities.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Updated Sales Order Quantities

When an invoice is created, the customer receives an invoice only for the products they are
keeping.

After invoicing
===============

> Sometimes, customers receive and/or pay their invoice before returning an item. In these cases, a

Reviewer 2: Rewording to be less confusing since this section is called "After invoicing"
```suggestion
Sometimes, customers return an item after they receive and/or pay for their invoice. In these cases, a
```

Returns are completed using *Reverse Transfers* when a customer decides to return a product before
an invoice has been sent or validated.

.. note::
   In order to use Reverse Transfers, the :guilabel:`Inventory` app must also be installed.

To start a return, navigate to the customer's sales order, and click on the :guilabel:`Delivery`
smart button to open the associated delivery order.

On the validated delivery order, click :guilabel:`Return` to open the :guilabel:`Reverse Transfer`
pop-up window. By default, the :guilabel:`Quantity` matches the validated quantities from the
delivery order. Update the quantities if necessary. Click on the trash icon next to a line item to
remove it from the return.

.. image:: returns/reverse-transfer-popup.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Reverse Transfer Pop-Up

Click :guilabel:`Return` to confirm the return. This generates a new warehouse operation for the
incoming returned product(s). Upon receiving the return, the warehouse team *validates* the
warehouse operation. Then, on the original sales order, the :guilabel:`Delivered` quantity will
reflect the difference between the initial validated quantities and the returned quantities.

> .. image:: returns/updated-sales-quantities.png

Reviewer 2: @mivu-odoo @samueljlieber Updated image attached
![updated-sales-quantities](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/101904966/188995941-51f5f4d9-d8b3-4fb2-8fd8-db39e25a5e8c.png)

Sometimes, customers return an item after they receive and/or pay for their invoice. In these
cases, a return using only Reverse Transfers is impossible since validated or sent invoices cannot
be changed. But Reverse Transfers can be used in conjunction with *Credit Notes* to complete the
customer's return.

To start a return, navigate to the relevant sales order. If there is a payment registered on the
sales order, then the payment details will appear in the Chatter, and the invoice (accessible
through the :guilabel:`Invoices` smart button) will have a green banner across it.

From the sales order, click on the :guilabel:`Delivery` smart button to view the validated delivery
order. Then click :guilabel:`Return` to open the :guilabel:`Reverse Transfer` pop-up window. Edit
the :guilabel:`Product` or :guilabel:`Quantity` as needed for the return, then click
:guilabel:`Return`. This generates a new warehouse operation for the incoming returned product(s),
which is validated by the warehouse team once the return is received. Then, on the sales order, the
:guilabel:`Delivered` quantity will reflect the difference between the initial validated quantities
and the returned quantities.

> .. image:: returns/case-2-updated-sales-quantities.png

Reviewer: @meng-odoo This image should be retaken to be a little more zoomed in, and the "Delivered" column should be highlighted with a red box around it.

Make sure the product, quantity, and customer match the other screenshots in this doc for continuity!

Reviewer 2: @mivu-odoo @samueljlieber Updated image attached
![case-2-updated-sales-quantities](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/101904966/188997374-d4f348df-6397-4341-80e3-bd60aadb1bce.png)

:guilabel:`Paid` banner across it.

A customer wants to return 10 of the 20 products that they purchased, already paid for, and
received. Starting a return in this case begins by clicking on the
:guilabel:`Validated Delivery Order`, then on :guilabel:`Return` to open the
:guilabel:`Reverse Transfer` pop-up. Edit the quantity from 20 to 10 since the customer only wants
to return half of the order, then click :guilabel:`Return`. Just as in Case 1, this action
generates a new :guilabel:`Warehouse Operation` for the incoming returned product, which can then
be validated once received. Back on the :guilabel:`Sales Order`, if :guilabel:`Update Quantities`
was selected, the return product's line item now reflects the change in amount under delivered
quantities.

.. image:: returns/case-2-updated-sales-quantities.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Updated Delivered Quantities

Since the items have already been paid for, the validated invoice needs to be changed to reflect
that your team processed a return. Tap on the :guilabel:`i` icon next to the paid line item, and
the :guilabel:`Payment Info` pop-up appears and provides the option to unreconcile this payment.

> Click on :guilabel:`Unreconcile`.

Reviewer 2: Hey @samueljlieber it looks like this change got left out again

.. image:: returns/unreconcile-button.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Unreconcile Button

After the invoice is unreconciled, the options for :guilabel:`Send & Print` and
:guilabel:`Register Payment` become available again alongside a note that there are outstanding
payments for the customer.

.. note::
   The Accounting application needs to be installed for the :guilabel:`Unreconcile` option to be
   available on an invoice.

Now, select :guilabel:`Add Credit Note`, and a pop-up menu appears where several selections need to
be made.

.. image:: returns/credit-note-popup.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Credit Note pop-up

> Choose whether you want the :guilabel:`Credit Method` to be issued as a :guilabel:`Partial Refund`,
> :guilabel:`Full Refund`, or a :guilabel:`Full Refund` and new draft invoice. A reason for the
> credit is not required, but adding one can ensure team members know exactly why a customer was
> credited if looking at orders later. Choosing a :guilabel:`Specific Reversal Date` requires a
> :guilabel:`Refund Date` to also be selected. For both options, a :guilabel:`Specific Journal` is
> not required but can be a helpful tool for team organization.

Reviewer 2: Editing this whole paragraph for wordiness, deleting "you", adding important info
```suggestion
Choose whether to issue a :guilabel:`Partial Refund`, :guilabel:`Full Refund`, or :guilabel:`Full Refund and new draft invoice`. The :guilabel:`Partial Refund` option creates a draft Credit Note that can be edited before posting. The :guilabel:`Full Refund and new draft invoice` option validates the Credit Note and duplicates the original invoice as a new draft.

A :guilabel:`Reason` for the credit and a :guilabel:`Specific Journal` to use to process the credit can also be specified. If a :guilabel:`Specific Reversal Date` is selected, then a :guilabel:`Refund Date` must also be selected.
```

> .. tip::
>    Choosing :guilabel:`Full Refund and New Draft Invoice` cancels the created invoice and creates a
>    new draft one.

Reviewer 2: Deleting this tip, I moved the information into the paragraph above
```suggestion

```

Reviewer 2: @samueljlieber it looks like this was missed during the first round as well--please incorporate :)

> After clicking :guilabel:`Return`, edit the quantity of the product on the draft invoice before
> confirming the invoice. A new banner appears after confirmation to inform your team that this
> particular customer has outstanding payments that can be used as a payment option on the invoice.
> Odoo will display this message until the credits are completely used on their account.

Reviewer 2: Fixing wording and deleting "you"
```suggestion
Click :guilabel:`Reverse`. Then, for a :guilabel:`Partial Refund` or :guilabel:`Full Refund and new draft invoice`, :guilabel:`Edit` the draft as needed, then :guilabel:`Confirm`.
```

==================
Processing Returns
==================

.. toctree::
   :titlesonly:

>    returns/returns_refunds

Author: From looking at all the other docs and structural RSTs, my understanding is that this RST is necessary to make the subsection for "returns." Is that not in fact correct?

>    returns/returns_refunds

Reviewer 3: @jcs-odoo 
Correct me if I'm wrong, but if @vpk-odoo doesn't plan on having more pages about returns, there is no need to create a sub-section `returns/returns_refunds` like here; the content should be presented at the level of `returns`, right?

>    returns/returns_refunds

Reviewer 4: @xpl-odoo 
Correct :)
All - or most - pages should have content, "categories" as well. They aren't just categories anymore, they're pages too.

Fewer levels = bliss
a single page after a contentless TOC page = hell

>    returns/returns_refunds

Author: I think I figured it out, but not positive that I didn't break it.

>    returns/returns_refunds

Reviewer 3: I haven't checked your updates as you might not be done yet with your changes, but I [took a screenshot](https://i.imgur.com/UYLKRCf.png) to illustrate. The content (images) of the `return_refunds` folder should be moved to the `return` folder. The content of `return_refunds.rst` should be moved to `return.rst`.
